# healthr
_______

  Do you remember the days when people started to shop online and a large portion of us were cautious to give our personal information out on the internet? Over time we've become accustomed to the idea of large organizations/corporations storing our data and have had a false sense of security. The threat still remains, every other day we hear companies having their user data compromised. This threat is even greater for things like electronic health records. We, at healthr, believe that patients should have ownership of their medical records through decentralization not only for security purposes but for making the healthcare experience as a whole more efficient. You won't be hassling doctors to send your records to another doctor just so you can have an appointment with another specialist, you won't be wasting time filling out the same forms every time you go to the doctor. Medical providers will have access to your data through being given read/write access to your records by ways of a public key.

  How is that possible you ask? Well, we're using something called Blockstack to create universal IDs for our users/providers and a decentralized storage system called Gaia to store your personal data. Currently, under law, healthcare providers are required to provide their patients' health records electronically, but there isn't a system where this information is shared across providers, even if there was it isn't secure! Would you rather that your files be encrypted and decentralized or sitting somewhere on a server that can potentially go down and lose your records? Our goal is to onboard providers across the country into our system to ultimately have them replace the systems they use now.
